Apis udate (#333)
eu-cdse/documentation: APIs/UpcomingChanges.qmd

This is the list of upcoming changes to Catalog APIs.

## OpenSearch API error handling update new date

> Please be informed that the OpenSearch API error handling update has been rescheduld for **24th of October 2023**. The details of the change are explained [here](https://documentation.dataspace.copernicus.eu/APIs/UpcomingChanges.html#opensearch-api-error-handling-update).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please be informed that the OpenSearch API error handling update has been rescheduled for **24 October 2023**. The details of the change are explained [here](https://documentation.dataspace.copernicus.eu/APIs/UpcomingChanges.html#opensearch-api-error-handling-update).
```
